6
5
Resources
Flags
Car Maker
Empires
Lights
Fruit
Only 3% of the Earth's water is fresh water, and 2/3 of it is locked in this.
What is ice (or frozen)?
Canada's largest source of primary energy - be general.
What are fossil fuels?
Preparation of soil through overturning, agitation, digging, etc.
What is tillage?
A form of plastics derived from renewable biomass sources.
What is bioplastic?
A method of growing only one crop at a time in a field, which can damage land.
Who is Monoculture?
Blue, white, and red vertical stripes (in that order).
What is France?
A blue globe, on a yellow diamond, with a green background.
What is Brazil?
Reminiscent of the Ottoman Empire, a crescent moon with a star, on a red background.
What is Turkey?
Red circle with a green background.
What is Bangladesh?
(Top to bottom) Red, white, and black horizontal stripes, with two green stars in the middle.
What is Syria?
Camaro.
What is Chevrolet?
Soul.
What is Kia?
Jazz.
What is Honda?
Aventador.
What is Lamborghini?
Vantage.
What is Aston Martin?
Capital London (1603-1997).
What is the British Empire?
Capital Constantinople (330-1453).
What is the Byzantine Empire?
Capitals included Thebes and Memphis (1570BC - 1070BC).
What is the Egyptian Empire?
Capitals included Lisbon and Rio de Janeiro (1815-1821).
What is the Portuguese Empire?
Capitals included Bursa and Constantinople (1299-1922).
What is the Ottoman Empire?
An electric current passes through a filament and causes it to heat and emit light.
What is incadescent?
An electric arc passes between cathodes to excite mercury and other gases.
What is fluorenscent?
Voltage is applied to negatively charged semiconductors, causing electrons to combine and create a unit of light (Photon).
What is a Light Emitting Diode (LED)?
An arc passes between cathodes in a pressurized tube, causing metallic additives to vaporize.
What is High-Intensity Discharge (HID)?
Canada's most important tree fruit crop.
What is the apple?
Resembling a peach, it has a large flat pit, and is a member of the genus Prunu.
What is the apricot?
Red, tart berries that thrive in moist, acidic soil.
What are cranberries?
Fruiting berry from a woody vine, of the genus Vitis.
What is the grapey?
Most canadian fruit belongs to this family of plants.
What is the rose family (or rosacea)?
