5
5
Provincial Capitals
Inventions
Actors
Geographical
Factoids
Derived from the supposed date of discovery - on the Feast of BLANK the Baptist.
What is St. Johns, Newfoundland?
Called Bytown until 1855 after Colonel John By (1781-1836) of the Royal Engineers, constructor of the Rideau Canal.
What is Ottawa, Ontario?
Founded in 1749, and named for George Montagu Dunk, Earl of THIS.
What is Halifax, Nova Scotia?
On St. Anne's Point, on the River Saint John, named after His Royal Highness Prince THIS.
What is Fredericton (formerly Fredericktown), New Brunswick?
This name is from Cree and may be freely translated as "dirty water" or "murky water".
What is Winnipeg, Manitoba?
Developed from natural rapeseed by NRC personnel in the (1970s).
What is Canola?
An acronym for a technique using sound propagation to navigate.
What is SONAR (SOund Navigation And Ranging)?
Developped during WWII for field communication.
What is a Walkie-Talkie?
Regulates the metabolism of carbs and fats by promoting the absorbtion of glucose.
What is Insulin?
Prevents black-outs during air acceleration, by forcing blood to stay at the head, rather than the lower body.
What is a G-suit?
Ace Ventura, pet dectective.
Who is Jim Carrey?
Hunk from Crazy Stupid Love, and The Notebook.
Who is Ryan Gosling?
Will, from Will & Grace.
Who is Eric McCormack?
Lesser known as a former carpet businesss entrepreneur, and voice of Gremlins.
Who is Howie Mandel?
Close to 150 different films and counting, and father to the real life Jack Bauer of 24.
Who is Donald Sutherland?
There are over 1,500 of these sites through the country, used for transportation.
What are airports?
In Churchill, residents leave their cars unlocked as an emergency escape for anyone who encounters these.
What are bears?
There are more of these geographic formations that the rest of the world has, combined.
What are lakes?
Large parts of the country are subjected to slightly less of this force.
What is gravity?
The percentage of Canadians living within 160km of the US border.
What is 90%?
Technically, the service is legal, but buying it is not.
What is prostitution?
The name "Canada" comes from the misinterpretation of the Iroquoian word meaning THIS.
What is "Village"?
It's the most common surname in the country.
What is "Li"?
Quebec produces 77% of the world's supply of THIS.
What is maple syrup?
Saskatchewan does not adopt this national practice which, counter to popular belief, does not benefit farmers.
What is Daylight Daving Time?