6
5
Doctors
Lawyers
Architects
Explorers
Directors
Moms 
Organ around which the cardiovascular system is centred
What is your heart?
The bladder and kidneys are part of this system.
Who is the urinary system?
The brain controls this system.
What is the nervous system?
The gastrointestinal system begins at this uppermost part of your body.
What is your mouth?
The mouth and eyes form part of this system.
What is the sensory system?
Presented at a trail to prove a fact.
What is evidence?
A juvenile criminal is described by this latin word.
What is delinquent?
Restitution is meant to reimburse this person.
Who is the victim?
Civil actions to recover up to $25,000 in Canada.
What is small claims?
Pleading guilty ot lesser charges in exchange for a lighter sentence.
What is plea bargain?
A supporting pillar; not necessarily in a row.
What is a column?
A plaster used as a coating for walls and ceilings.
What is stucco?
Being of stone, brick or concrete.
What is masonry?
Structure on Parliament Hill that dominates Ottawa's skyline.
What is the Peace Tower?
National Historic Site of Canada that is a grand hotel in Quebec City.
What is the Chateau Frontenac?
Considered the Father of New France.
Who is Samuel de Champlain?
Ferdinand Magellan died in the Philippines while accomplishing this first voyage.
What is the circumnavigation of earth?
This Venetian went to China, met Kublai Khan, and wrote a book about it.
Who is Marco Polo?
Roald Amundsen was the first man to reach this place on the globe.
What is the South pole?
James Cook died on these islands, which he discovered for Britain.
What are the Hawaiian Islands?
He directed Jurassic Park, Saving Private Ryan, and the Indiana Jones Series.
Who is Steven Spielberg?
George Lucas is best known as the creator of this franchise.
What is Star Wars?
She played Laverne on "Laverne & Shirley" before progressing to directing.
Who is Penny Marshall?
He was Opie and Richie Cunningham before he directed The Da Vinci Code.
Who is Ron Howard?
Canadian director of Avatar, Titanic, Aliens, etc.
Who is James Cameron?
She is credited with the one and only immaculate conception.
Who is the Virgin Mary?
This famous "mother" never actually gave birth to any children, but was a humanitarian to thousands.
Who is Mother Theresa?
She's the mother of Prince William and Prince Harry
Who is Lady Diana?
She's the wife of one US president and mother of another, both named the same.
Who is Barabara Bush?
All four of her children were tactically born to Roman diplomats.
Who is Cleopatra?
