6
5
Alpha
Bet-a
Communists
Denmark
Elevators
Fastest
Alpha typically means first one becasue it is the first letter of this Alphabet.
What is the Greek Alphabet?
He's the leader of the pack.
Who is the alpha male?
Campbell's markets this for its educational value.
What is Alphabet soup?
Alpha Centauri are three stars in the Centaurus one of these.
What is a constellation?
The Alpha Particle is positively charged because it has two of these.
What are Protons?
A small bet all players are required to make before the hand is dealt.
What is an Ante?
To pass on betting in poker.
What is to Check?
A bet for your horse to finish 1st, 2nd or 3rd in the race.
What is a Show Bet (or Place Bet)?
The number of points by which the favored team is expected to win.
What is the Point Spread?
The most bet on Sporting Event in the world.
What is the FIFA World Cup?
He lead (as General Secretary of the Communist Party) the Soviet Union through World War II.
Who is Joseph Stalin?
This island country was the first communist government in the Western Hemisphere.
What is Cuba?
He lead the October Revolution and established the Russian Communist Party.
Who is Vladimir Lenin?
His policies in the 1960's led to the death of millions of Chinese.
Who is Mao Zedong?
Kim Jong Il is known affectionately to his people as this.
What is Dear Leader?
Denmark has 443 of these, 76 of which are inhabited.
What are islands?
Shakespeare wrote a play about this Danish Prince.
Who is Hamlet?
This toy company is based in Billund, Denmark.
What is Lego?
This, the world's largest island, is a Territory of Denmark.
What is Greenland?
In the 15th Century, this entire region - including Norway -  was under Danish rule.
What is Scandinavia?
An elevator designed to carry goods, rather than passengers.
What is a Freight Elevator?
The world's largest manufacturer of vertical transport systems.
What is the Otis Elevator Company?
Louis XV of France had a "flying chair" built for his mistress at this Chateau.
What is Versailles?
A tower which scoops up wheat and deposits it into a silo.
What is a Grain Elevator?
Elevators at the Luxor Hotel in this city have an incline with a view if the Atrium.
What is Las Vegas?
The fastest of the Jaquar, Cheetah, and Leopard.
What is the Cheetah?
The fastest of the Horse Fly, Bat, and Black Mamba Snake.
What is a the Horse Fly?
The fastest of the luge, downhill skying, Tour de France cycling.
What is the luge?
The fastest of Canada's Via Rail, Japan's Maglev Bullet Train, and France's TGV.
What is the Maglev Bullet Train?
The fastest of the Greyhound Dog, Quarter Horse, and Swordfish.
What is the Swordfish?
