6
5
Underwater
Vermont
Witches and Warlocks
"X"s and "O"s
Youngest
Zimbabwe
Germany's Navy had more than one thousand of these built during WWII
What are submarines (U-boats)?
The largest fish in the oceans.
What is the Whale Shark?
Once so abundant, these were overfished in the Grand Banks off Newfoundland.
What are Cod fish?
The largest living thing on Earth off the coast of Australia.
What is The Great Barrier Reef?
A French Naval Officer who co-developed the "Aqua-Lung" and made undersea documentaries.
Who was Jacques Cousteau?
The lake bounded by Vermont, New York and Quebec.
What is Champlain Lake?
War in which the Green Mountain Boys Militia fought.
What is the American Revolutionary War?
Vermont is the US's largest producer of this (in the spring).
What is Maple Syrup?
They may producer a lot of ice cream, but they are not Vermont's largest employer.
What is Ben and Jerry's?
The capitol of Vermont (smallest state capitol in US).
What is Montpelier?
The animal most associated with witches.
What is the Black Cat?
Teenage witch with her own comic books and TV series.
Who is Sabrina?
The witch after Dorothy and her friends in The Wizard of Oz.
Who is the Wicked Witch of the West?
A homophonic incantation used by witches and magicians.
What is Hocus Pocus?
Term originally referred to witches who were traitors, oath breakers.
What is a Warlock?
Trademark of a major photocopying machine.
What is Xerox?
A percussion instrument with wooden bars.
What is a Xylophone?
American oil retail brand.
What is Texaco?
The second book of the Old Testament, featuring Moses.
What is Exodus?
The skill of preparing cocktails.
What is Mixology?
The youngest of Tom Cruise, Brad Pitt and George Clooney.
Who is Brad Pitt?
The youngest of the Rockies, the Himalayas and the Alps.
What are the Himalayas?
The youngest of Beyonce, Taylor Swift and Kate Perry.
Who is Taylor Swift?
The youngest of IBM, Hewlett Packard, and Brother Industries.
What is Hewlett Packard?
The youngest of FIFA, the PGA and the NHL.
What is the NHL?
Zimbabwe is bounded on the south by this large country .
What is South Africa?
These were named in honor of Queen Victoria.
What are the Victoria Falls?
Zimbabwe has the highest rate of this in the world.
What are HIV and AIDS infection?
Zimbabwe was called this until independence in 1980.
What is Rhodesia?
As President of Zimbabwe, he is the worlds oldest living head of state.
Who is Robert Mugabe?
