6
5
Resources
Flags
Car Maker
Empires
Lights
Fruit
Only 3% of the Earth's water is fresh water, and 2/3 of it is locked in this.
What is ice (or frozen)?
Urban expansion is directly linked to increasing this earthy loss.
What is soil erosion?
Preparation of soil through overturning, agitation, digging, etc.
What is tillage?
A form of plastics derived from renewable biomass sources.
What is bioplastic?
A method of growing only one crop at a time in a field, which can damage land.
Who is Monoculture?
Blue, white, and red vertical stripes.
What is France?
A blue globe, on a yellow diamond, witha  green background.
What is Brazil?
Reminiscent of the Ottoman Empire, a crescent moon with a star, on a rad background.
What is Turkey?
Red circle with a green background.
What is Bangladesh?
Red, white, and black horizontal stripes, with two green stars.
What is Syria?
Camaro.
What is Chevrolet?
Soul.
What is Kia?
Jazz.
What is Honda?
Aventador.
What is Lamborghini?
Vantage.
What is Aston Martin?
Capital London (1603-1997).
What is the British Empire?
Capital Constantinople (330-1453).
What is the Byzantine Empire?
Capitals included Thebes and Memphis (1570BC - 1070BC).
What is the Egyptian Empire?
Capitals included Lisbon and Rio de Janeiro (1815-1821).
What is the Portuguese Empire?
Capitals included Bursa and Constantinople (1299-1922).
What is the Ottoman Empire?
An electric current passes through a filament and causes it to What is incadescent?
An electric arc passes between cathodes to excite mercury and other gases.
What is fluorenscent?
Voltage is applied to negatively charged semiconductors, causing electrons to combine and create a unit of light (Photon).
What is a Light Emitting Diode (LED)?
An arc passes between cathodes in a pressurized tube, causing metallic additives to vaporize.
What is High-Intensity Discharge (HID)?


Canada's most important tree fruit crop.
What is the apple?
Distinclty shaped, a tree crop of Eruopean and Asian origin, often canned.
Who is the pear?
Most historians agree this Macedonian conquerer was gay.
Who was Alexander the Great?
Front man of rock group Queen who died of AIDS in 1991.
Who is Freddy Mercury?
Most canadian fruit belongs to this famil.
Who is Rock Hudson?
