6
5
Calculate
The Tallest
Building
Never Seen Again
Underground
Spell It
2 to the power of 4.
What is 16?
The number of US States divided by number of Canadian Provinces.
What is 5?
The number of full years since the end of WWI.
What is 97?
Required fill-ups of a 50 L tank to drive 5 000 KM at 10L/100 KM.
What is 10?
Solution for X when: X + 10 = Y and X is 1/2 of Y.
What is 10?
The Peace Tower, The CN Tower, The Eiffel Tower.
What is the CN Tower?
The Eiffel Tower, The Pyramids of Giza, Mount Kilimanjaro.
What is Mount Kilimanjaro?
A Tyrannosauras Rex, a Brachiosauras, an Ultrasauros.
What is a Brachiosauras?
A two metre tall man or a 6'-1" tall man or Maria Evangelista.
What is a two meter tall man?
The tallest men (national average) are Dutchmen, Serbians or Australians.
What are Dutchmen?
The floor between the basement and the first floor.
Who is the Ground Floor?
An intermediate floor between main floors, usually with a balcony.
What is a Mezzanine?
The main mineral used in drywall sheathing board.
What is Gypsum?
It is composed of aggregate bonded together with fluid cement.
What is Concrete?
The classic Greek ones are Doric, Ionic and Corinthian.
Who are Columns?
MIA stands for this.
What is Missing In Action?
Jimmy Hoffa, who disappeared in 1975, was President of this powerful Union.
What is the Teamsters?
He led two ships to find the Northwest Passage in 1845.
Who was Sir John Franklin?
Fletcher Christian led a mutiny on this ship in 1789.
What is the Bounty?
She disappeared over the Pacific Ocean while on a circumnavigational flight in 1937.
Who was Amelia Earhart?
Built during the Cold War to house Canadian leaders in case of a nuclear attack.
What is the Diefenbunker?
City with the largest underground complex in the world.
What is Montreal?
33 miners were trapped for 69 days in the Copiapò Mine in this country.
What is Chile?
Great Artisean Basin in this dry country is the world's largest and deepest aquifier.
What is Australia?
These subterranean burial passageways in Paris are famous.
What is the Catacombs?
The capitol of Canada.
What O-t-t-a-w-a?
Feminist movement from over a hundred years ago.
What is S-u-f-f-r-a-g-e-t-t-e?
Petroleum for a vehicle's compression ignition engine.
What is D-i-e-s-e-l?
Pasta most commonly used with Alfredo Sauce.
What is F-e-t-t-u-c-c-i-n-e?
Name of the generation currently reaching adulthood.
What is M-i-l-l-e-n-n-i-a-l-s?
