6
5
Hub Airport
Quick Math
Monuments
Rock Legends
Beasts of Burden
Charles Logic
The city with Lester B Pearson International Airport.
What is Toronto?
You'll find JFK and LaGuardia airports serving this city.
What is New York City?
Paris airport named after their WWII savior.
What is Charles de Gaulle?
O'Hare International Airport is in this windy city
What is Chicago?
The world's busiest airport in London, England.
What is Heathrow?
Like pregnant threes; three to the power of three.
What is twenty-seven?
Number of years Bill Clinton was in power.
What is Eight?
This July 4th will mark how many years since the "Spirit of 76".
What is 240?
To the closest 50, driving Km between Ottawa and downtown Toronto.
What is 450?
Roughly, the circumference of a circle 3.3 Metres in diameter.
What is 10 Metres?
A gift from France to USA to mark the centennial of the Declaration of Independence.
What is the Statue of Liberty?
Constructed in 1889 for the World's Fair it was supposed to be temporary.
What is The Eiffel Tower?
Stone figure with Man's head and Lion's body in Egypt.
What is The Great Sphinx?
You can take a train there from Cusco, Peru.
What is Machu Picchu?
Al Aqsa Mosque is in this disputed city.
What is Jerusalem?
He was called the King of Rock'n'Roll
Who was Elvis Presley?
Their first hit single was "Love me do".
Who are the Beatles?
The Dark Side of the Moon explored mental illness in one of this band's members.
What is Pink Floyd?
They wrote all the music to Saturday Night Fever.
Who are The Bee Gees?
Black guitarist with hits "Purple Haze" and "Hey Joe".
Who was Jimi Hendrix?
Used in the Arctic, such as pulling Santa's sleigh
What are Reindeer?
The offspring of a male donkey and a female horse.
What is a Mule?
A Pack Llama might get you through these mountains.
What are the Andes?
A long-haired bovid found in the Himalaya Mountains.
What is a Yak?
Used for for milk, meat, hair, transport and even in Middle Eastern Cavalry.
What are Camels?
One should love these, because they are so tasty.
What are animals?
Don't worry about the world ending today, its already tomorrow on this continent.
What is Australia?
The best things in life are free, the rest are this.
What is too expensive?
A clear conscience is a sure sign of this.
What is a bad memory?
I'm not afraid of this, I just don't want to be there when it happens.
What is death?
