6
5
Fences Make
Good Neighbours
Mr. Rogers
The Price is Right
Gourmet Recipes
Convert it
Tiny spikes used in making prison fences.
What is barbed wire?
Israel built a barrier to separate this Palestinian Territory.
What is The West Bamk?
Synthetic material used for fences, plumbing, imitation leather, credit cards, etc.
What is polyvinyl chloride (PVC)?
There already exists a system of barriers on the US-Mexico border, and this river.
What is the Rio Grande?
Romeo jumped the fence to Juliet's garden in this Italian city.
What is Verona?
It shares the Iberian Peninsula with Spain.
What is Portugal?
Landlocked between Germany, France and Italy.
What is Switzerland?
Lanlocked between Russia and China.
What is Mongolia?
Almost all of its land border is with India.
What is Bangladesh?
Lanlocked because it lost its sea access in a war with Chile.
What is Bolivia?
A British actor who's played James Bond and The Saint.
Who is Roger Moore?
The singer and songwriter in the band Pink Floyd.
Who is Roger Waters?
The singer and songwriter with hits "Lucille" and "The Gambler".
Who is Kenny Rogers?
Ted Rogers founded his Canadian communications giant in this medium.
What is Radio Broadcasting?
Besides a TV personality, Mr. Fred Rogers had this other occupation.
What is an ordained minister?
The USA purchased this land from Russia for $7.2 million in 1867.
What is Alaska?
Microsoft bought this video chat application for $8.5 billion in 2011.
What is Skype?
American interests bought this historic Canadian retailer in 2006.
What is Hudson's Bay Company?
Tradition holds that the Dutch purchased this island for $24 worth of beads.
What is Manhatten?
The USA has leased this Cuban harbour since 1903, but Cuba doesn't cash the cheques.
What is Guantanamo Bay?
Two all-beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions on a bun
What is a Big Mac?
Minced beef, onion, pepper, garlic, chilli powder, paprika, cumin, kidney beans.
What is Chilli con carne?
Minced beef, onion, garlic, tomatoes and macaroni.
What is Goulash?
Apples, sugar, egg, milk and puff pastry.
What is Apple Strudel?
Scallops, white wine, butter, flour, mushrooms and cheese.
What is Coquilles Saint Jacques?
10 miles to kilometres.
What is 16?
100 kilograms to pounds.
What is 220?
10 degrees Celsius to Farenheit.
What is 50?
10 US Gallons to Liters.
What is 38?
100 Hectares to Square Kilometres.
What is 1?
