6
5
Iconic Buildings
Diseases
Who's vinyl album
Horses
Driving Destinations
Famous Canadians
Climbed by King Kong in 1933 New York City.
What is the Empire State Bldg?
Where the US President lives.
What is the White House?
Montreal's cruciform scyscraper.
What is Place Ville Marie?
Where the Russian President lives.
What is the Kremlin?
Where England's kings are crowned.
What is Westminister Abbey?
Multiple Sclerosis is a disease of this system affecting your brain and spine.
What is Nervous?
People with Nacrolepsy experience this in the daytime.
What is sleepiness?
This type of disease means your blood sugar levels are too high.
What is Type 1 Diabetes?
Lyme Disease is transmitted by the bite of a tick from this animal.
What is a deer?
An inflammatory autoimmune bowel disease
What is Crohn's Disease?
Dark Side of the Moon.
What is Pink Floyd?
"The White Album" and Sargeant Pepper...".
Who are The Beatles?
Her name followed by "21".
Who is Adele?
"Thriller" and "Bad".
Who is Michael Jackson?
"And the Waltz goes on" and "From Holland with Love".
Who is Andre Rieu?
A Thoroughbred is best known for its use in this sport.
What is racing?
A free roaming horse of the American West that had a car named after it.
Who is Mustang?
Considered the fastest breed in the world...especially on a desert track.
What are Arabians?
These little ponies originated on a British island.
What are Shetlands?
The Friesian breed originated in Friesland, part of this modern country.
What is the Netherlands?
About 80 Km south of Rockland, ON.
What is Cornwall?
Almost 1000 Km west of Calgary and after crossing the Rockies.
What is Vancouver?
Direction taken to drive from Dallas, Texas to Memphis, Tennessee.
What is East?
This city is just west from Sweden by crossing the International Oresund Bridge.
What is Copenhagen, Denmark?
4000 Km from Sidney on the east coast of Australia to this city on the west coast.
What is Perth?
He played Captain Kirk on Star Trek.
Who is William Shatner?
Rich publisher who was made a Lord in England...then went to jail.
Who is Conrad Black?
Super model born in 1965, so she's retired now.
Who is Linda Evangelista?
Prime Minister who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1957.
Who is Lester Pearson?
First Canadian to command the International Space Station.
Who is Chris Hadfield?
