6
5
Starry Skies
Movie Stars
Starboard
Five Star
Star Wars
S"tar"
The Star to which humans owe their existance.
What is the Sun?
Also known as "Alpha Ursae Minoris" and "Polaris".
What is the North Star?
"Sirius" (meaning "scorcher") or "Dog Star" inspired the phrase "Dog days of...".
What is Summer?
Proxima Centauri is a smaller star next to this "top dog" Centauri.
What is Alpha Centauri?
A star of low mass proceded by "Yellow", "Red" or "White".
What is a Dwarf Star?
He married Amel Alamuddin, a lawyer.
Who is George Clooney?
She married Brad Pitt before she married Justin Theroux.
Who is Jennifer Aniston?
He married Lauren Bacall.
Who is Humphrey Bogart?
She married Richard Burton...twice.
Who is Elizabeth Taylor?
His partners included Diane Keaton and Mia Farrow.
Who is Woody Allen?
Starboard is this side of a ship.
What is the right side?
The shell and framework of a ship...also a city in Quebec.
What is the Hull?
A Venetian rowing boat.
What is a Gondola?
The second-in-command of a commercial ship.
What is a First Mate?
A unit of approx 6 feet used to measure depth.
What is a fanthom?
Hotel chain named after a Bing Cosby Christmas-themed movie
What is Holiday Inn?
This American Hotel family pioneered the airport hotel concept
Who are the Hiltons?
A room at this Fairmont hotel in Quebec City will cost around $1,000/night.
What is Chateau Frontenac?
Nita Lake Lodge is in this B.C. Winter Olympic resort town.
What is Whistler?
The Althoff Seehotel Uberfahrt is in this mountainous German State.
Who is Bavaria?
Three-star General Patton lead the invasion of this island one year prior to D-Day
What is Sicily?
Instead of stars, insignia for Canadian Generals include this symbol.
Who was the Maple Leaf?
Ulisses Grant commanded the US Army in this war.
What is the US Civil War?
Commander-in-Chief Colin Powell went on to become this president's Secretary of State.
Who is George W. Bush?
He was a 4-star General and Commander-in-Chief of the Continental Army 1775-1783
Who was George Washington?
Second largest retail chain in US, after Walmart. (Not so in Canada).
What is Target?
Before Nintendo, this was the arcade gaming system to have.
What is Atari?
Cement material used to bind masonry blocks together.
What is mortar?
Large and hairy arachnids of which there are 900 species.
What are Tarantulas?
People driven by the Mongols into Russia, but they made good seafood sauce.
Who are Tartars?
